fix: expand truncated CDN reference on deprecation page for TLS deprecation (#1139)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/troubleshoot/product-lifecycle/deprecations-and-migrations.mdx

    * Public and private cloud tenants' default domains; for example, `[tenant_name].eu.auth0.com.`
    * Public and private cloud tenants' custom domains.
    * Service-related web applications, such as the Dashboard (`manage.auth0.com`) or the Marketplace (`marketplace.auth0.com`).

>     * The Auth0 Content Delivery Network (CDN). (`cdn.auth0.com`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The Auth0 Content Delivery Network (CDN).  To learn more, read [Auth0 Public Cloud Service Endpoints](/docs/troubleshoot/customer-support/operational-policies/public-cloud-service-endpoints)
```
